[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> DAVID WILCOCK: All right.
Welcome back to
Cosmic Disclosure.
I'm your host David Wilcock, and
I'm here with our special guest
Emery Smith.
And Emery has some absolutely
stunning information.
And he has taken great
risks to bring us
what he's going to share today.
Emery, welcome back.
>> EMERY SMITH: Thanks Dave.
Thanks for having me.
Really appreciate being here.
>> DAVID: That's good.
>> SMITH: Yeah, it's fun.
>> DAVID: I'm really glad you
finally decided to do this.
And I think it's long overdue.
>> SMITH: I know.
You've been trying to get
me to do this for 10 years.
But certain recent
events have persuaded me
maybe it's for my better
safety that we do this
and also to educate the public.
And people deserve to know.
And I've believed
that my whole life.
But I always know there's
also a time for everything.
>> DAVID: Yes.
Now, it seems with a
lot of the insiders
I've spoken to that once
we dig into their life
before the military that
there was something going on
before they ever even went in.
And I'm curious, have you
had unusual experiences
prior to military
service that you
think may be relevant
to share with us today?
>> SMITH: Absolutely,
it's personal.
But I can tell you right
offhand that my grandfather was
in the army, and my
father was in the navy.
But when I was born, he was
already out of the navy.
And I always wanted
to be in the military.
I think I had my first
extraterrestrial visit in 1979,
and it was at our five acre
farm in Fort Myers, Florida.
And that was the first
contact I've ever had.
And it was a very
pleasant contact.
I'll never forget it.
I was not contacted after until
between around 1999, '98, where
it was like a complete landing.
And that one was a little bit
startling because I was camping
out and wasn't ready for it
because it startled me at night
because I just had
laid down, and I heard
some footsteps walking up.
So that turned out--
that was like the
two experiences.
Well, the other one was after
the military, by the way.
But it was just a
little bit shocking.
But the first one, when I
was very young, and then
after that I was
obsessed with, of course,
laying under the stars.
I probably slept more
outside of my house
than I did inside the house
gazing up at the stars.
>> DAVID: Could you tell us a
little more about the contact
in Fort Myers, Florida?
Was there a craft that
you saw that landed?
And then what happened?
Describe the craft.
Describe exactly what happened.
>> SMITH: Exactly what happened
was I had laid down to go
to sleep in my sleeping
bag, and I looked up.
>> DAVID: You were outdoors.
>> SMITH: I was outdoors, yeah.
We had a big farm out there.
And in the middle of
the field in the middle,
there's nothing around.
And this flaming
disk comes very--
just at a 45-degree angle--
comes you know right out of
the sky, but moving very slow.
But red hot.
You could see the orange glow.
>> DAVID: How large was it?
>> SMITH: Well, from where I
was at, and it was probably
at least 2,000--
maybe 1,000 meters away--
and I saw it go into
the woods and heard it.
And I said, I thought--
I said, oh, it was
probably just a meteorite.
Wow, it was like the
most brilliant meteorite
I've ever seen.
But I also noticed that
it had a very odd shape.
So I just didn't
think anything of it.
And it actually landed
closer than I thought.
And the neighbors, like just
a couple of acres over--
five or 10 acres
over in their swamp--
and one of the--
extraterrestrials came
out and walked over.
And I was next to a
barbed wire fence,
you know the ones you
keep cows in with--
four lines, sometimes
five of them.
And he's put fences.
You know those little
hooks that you--
that barbed wire fence--
you know, put that nail
to hold the barbed wire
fence against the board,
right, that little hook.
So some of them were kind
of loosened, you know.
And I lay out a
tarp all the time.
And then I put my
sleeping bag on the tarp.
And so I laid down,
and I'm in the bag.
And I always, you know, being
who I am, tactical Emery,
I always have my gun with me.
I did have my gun with
me in my sleeping bag.
And I was in a
mummy sleeping bag.
And it was very cold.
And I heard
[MIMICKING WIRES GROANING],,
like someone jumping the fence.
Like just if I would
climb the fence,
and as the fence gets pushed
down, it goes through wire--
the metal and the hooks.
>> DAVID: Right
>> SMITH: And like
[MIMICKING WIRES GROANING]
and then
[MIMICKING FEET THUDDING]
on the ground.
And I'm like, OK.
All right.
Skunk ape?
Bear panther?
And I'm just like all right now.
And then immediately, I'm
listening to the footsteps.
And I'm very attuned
to that kind of stuff.
And I felt a little uneasy.
So I know maybe it was just
me, or maybe it was this being.
So I immediately just
grabbed my zipper,
and I already had
my gun in my hand.
And I unzipped with my gun and
flashlight and just stood up.
And there was a three foot
being right there looking at me.
>> DAVID: What did it look like?
>> SMITH: It was blue-gray,
and it had big blue eyes.
And it had a little
thing like on its head,
like you see in the movies--
like we see in the
cartoon characters.
>> DAVID: Like an antenna?
>> SMITH: Right, like a
little antenna or something.
>> DAVID: When you
say it had blue eyes,
so we're not talking
about a gray?
>> SMITH: No, no.
It was very scrawny,
and it was blue.
And--
>> DAVID: Like what color blue?
Like your shirt?
>> SMITH: Yes, it was
this kind of blue.
With the light on.
And me, I am still stuck
in my sleeping bag.
And it looked at me, and I think
the light really hurt its eyes.
I think actually it got
like what, oh, this is not
going down right.
Uh-oh, I just crashed my craft.
I'm just looking for the
nearest help or assistance.
So it's embarrassing to say, but
I jump up out of the sleeping
bag, and I chase--
you know I see him
going, running away.
And I'm chasing him.
And he goes into this
thicket, you know.
And I'm not like
chasing him to kill him.
I'm chasing because I'm
like come back, come back.
Like come here, dude.
And I'm like chasing this thing.
It goes right
through this thicket.
It was so thick there's no way.
I tried to go in there.
I got all cut up by the vines.
And then I hear
[MIMICKING WIRE GROANING],,
and I looked next to fence.
The fence is right next to me.
And it gets really tight.
Like he's over there
jumping the fence again,
heading back to that area.
So I was full of adrenaline.
And of course, it was
really late at night anyway.
But I did.
I took a little hike in that
area and to that direction,
but I didn't see anything else.
So there was nothing
exchanged on that.
It was just I think we
both startled each other.
And that's what happened.
>> DAVID: How human-like would
the face appear for a regular
person?
Would it look like a
regular person from Earth
with blue skin?
Or was it something
different about the face?
>> SMITH: Yeah, the face was
fuller and more like more oval,
like a bubble.
Like if you got a bubble,
and you just barely--
if you get one of
those plastic balls,
and you just goes like
this, but it had features.
It had holes in its sides,
not ear lobes but holes.
And it was aware, more than
100% aware and very agile.
>> DAVID: Were the eyes
larger than a regular human--
>> SMITH: Yes--
>> DAVID: On Earth?
>> SMITH: Yes, absolutely.
>> DAVID: Like how much?
>> SMITH: By at
least three times.
>> DAVID: Wow.
>> SMITH: Yeah, it
was more eye like--
the eye and the top of the
cranium, it was larger.
>> DAVID: But you said
the eyes were blue?
>> SMITH: Blue.
Blue eyes.
>> DAVID: So it didn't have
the black like you see with
the gray?
>> SMITH: No, when I say blue,
they didn't have a white.
It was blue eyes.
There was no-- I
didn't see any pupils.
But it could have been
this protective layer.
They have these lenses, a
lot of the extraterrestrials
they wear over their eyes.
>> DAVID: It was a
solid color blue?
>> SMITH: Yes.
>> DAVID: Really?
>> DAVID: And did it
have a nose or just--
>> SMITH: Yes, it had a nose.
Very small.
>> DAVID: Very small
and a small mouth?
>> SMITH: Very
small mouth, yeah.
>> DAVID: OK.
>> SMITH: And it was
very like cartoonicle.
Like no way.
It was very comical in a way.
>> DAVID: And how old
were you at the time?
>> SMITH: I was probably--
'98, '90, was 18, 28.
>> DAVID: All right, well
let's go back to the first one
because this could be
very relevant as we get
into your military history.
>> SMITH: Sure.
>> DAVID: What happened
in the first event?
Let's go through
that step by step.
>> SMITH: OK, I had other
multiple events after that,
but I didn't
understand what it was.
And you know, I would always
do a lot of sleepwalking
when I was younger.
And I was always outside
in a hypnagogic state,
but I was very aware because
I'd always come back,
and mom, dad would see my
feet were dirty every morning.
And I have no idea.
And many times, they caught me
just heading out or heading in.
But never injured myself
or anything like that.
And then on this
particular evening, and it
was not very late.
I just was told to go
outside telepathically.
>> DAVID: How old were you?
>> SMITH: I was in second grade,
so it was probably around '79.
>> DAVID: OK.
So you got the
impulse to go outside.
>> SMITH: Yeah--
>> DAVID: But this had been
happening to you before then?
>> SMITH: No, this
was the first.
>> DAVID: This was
the first time.
>> SMITH: This was time
anything like that happened.
And then after that, it
started happening all the time.
I mean, just going out, but
not knowing why I'm out here
and seeing lights and stuff.
And so I said, OK.
So I went outside in the
driveway, and we had a lake.
And I went up to the dock,
and I just looked up.
And there is this
beautiful blue craft.
And it was just silent.
And I was just so
amazed at its silence.
And this craft is there.
And I'm smiling, you know.
And I was like--
I even was like singing.
I was like trying or like--
I don't know.
I was like, woohoo!
This is like-- I just started
whistling or something.
And it was very odd.
>> DAVID: What did
the craft look like?
What was the shape?
>> SMITH: It was blue,
and it was disk-shaped.
>> DAVID: What kind of blue?
>> SMITH: Blue-white,
like white.
Not dark, not dark blue.
This is more like
a whitish bright,
but you could see detail.
But you couldn't see edges.
Does that make sense?
You could see outlines of
this, you know, classic shape.
And it was telepathically saying
that we're here, and we exist.
And we're going to
be back for you.
>> DAVID: Wow.
>> SMITH: And I
remember it very--
like it was yesterday.
And it always stuck in my head.
This happened very shortly.
I think that the whole
event lasted maybe a minute
and a half, two minutes.
I mean it's long.
For that to happen
today, it would
not because we would shoot
you down in two seconds.
But back then, I think, it
was a little bit different.
I think they had a
little more opportunity
to make these types of
meetings with, not only me,
but many other people and to
allow them to give us hope
and to strive for
that later on in life.
So then I just became
a really firm believer
and all that stuff.
And I wouldn't talk about
it that much, neither
would my family.
>> DAVID: Do you think
that either your father
or your grandfather might have
been involved in black ops?
>> SMITH: Yes, my
grandfather was.
>> DAVID: Really?
>> SMITH: In the army.
And my father flew
in the Navy planes
looking for the submarines
coming into the Bahamas
and off the coast of Florida.
So he was a spotter for that.
>> DAVID: Really?
>> SMITH: And he did
some other things,
but I don't think they
were intelligence related.
>> DAVID: You were on some kind
of extraterrestrial contact
program it sounds like.
And you're describing
multiple events
of leaving your house at night--
>> SMITH: Oh, yes.
That was-- yes.
>> DAVID: And going outside.
And do you do you feel like
there are gaps in your memory
from those events?
Or what do you
think is happening
when you go out there?
>> SMITH: No, I remember a lot.
And when I was younger,
I had this gift.
I call it a gift.
I can control my dreams.
I know when I'm dreaming.
And it just recently
came back to me,
just recently within the
past couple of months,
where I can do it again.
And I just lost it after
I went into the military.
I couldn't do it anymore when
And I started the
military early.
So about age 13.
>> DAVID: 13?
>> SMITH: It was with the
auxiliary of the Air Force
Civil Air Patrol my
dad introduced me to.
And they were giving pilot's
license to kids for free
if you qualified and wanted
to be part of this thing.
And it's for people
also before they
go into the military, so you
get extra rank before you go in,
kind of like ROTC.
>> DAVID: Right.
>> SMITH: Which I did that too.
So you get all these perks.
So I got my pilot's
license really early age.
And I took the many tests
that I just know one thing.
I took a lot more tests
than everyone else
did going into the military.
And they were not your
normal ASVAB test.
And it was--
>> DAVID: Give me an example
of something unusual as a test.
>> SMITH: Well, you know an
ASVAB test is based off of what
are you good at?
Are you a good mechanic?
Let's see if he can figure
this sprocket or this chain.
Or maybe he's good at writing.
You know, does he know a verb,
adjective, or linguistics?
>> DAVID: And that
might lead to your MOS,
that military
operation specialty.
>> SMITH: Weed you
out to your MOS.
But with my stuff, it had
to do with geometric shapes.
>> DAVID: Really?
>> SMITH: Yeah,
and like mandalas,
and like out of the six,
which one do you like?
What do you mean
which one do I like?
So for me, it wasn't a test,
but it was a test for something.
Because obviously,
there's some sort
of subliminal message
in there, maybe
some sort of encoding that I
don't know about that I have
or my lineage has.
>> DAVID: These could be logos
of certain ET groups that they
might have been aware had
already contacted you?
>> SMITH: Exactly.
>> DAVID: Right.
>> SMITH: So that's how I got
pulled out of the Air Force
part after I did my 4 and 1/2
years and then still continued
with the contract work.
>> DAVID: Had you already done
4 and 1/2 years in the Air Force
before?
>> SMITH: I did 4 and 1/2,
and then two years reserve,
and then two years
inactive, so total of four--
8 and 1/2.
>> DAVID: And it's after the
4 and 1/2 years that you got
the salmon filets and
that whole thing started?
>> SMITH: The first time I got
the salmon filet was August 8th
of 1991.
>> DAVID: Wow.
You're having these tests.
Now did these tests start all
the way back when you were 13?
>> SMITH: Yeah it started
in the auxiliary part.
And then--
>> DAVID: So one of them
was geometric shapes.
Could you give me another
example of something
that was bizarre as
a test that you got?
>> SMITH: There was a lot of
high-end physics and magnetic
questions, which I really
didn't understand at that point.
But I scored high on it.
But really, that's not my thing.
So I had these amazing
job opportunities
when I went in the military.
But I just wanted
to be an F-15 Eagle
pilot because I
just wanted to fly,
you know, Top Gun all the way.
But the Army offered
me a huge scholarship.
I could not refuse to
fly Apache helicopters.
But all flight-related,
you see, going
towards probably being
an astronaut, or NASA,
or space-related stuff.
Most pilots, most
astronauts, as you know,
which it's now
changed because they
need scientific technicians
for that specialty.
And that's how I became
like a payload specialist.
So getting back to why.
I was just so adamant that
I was going to be a pilot,
being just a kid you know,
16 year-old when I signed up,
by the way.
I'm making these decisions.
And they said, well, you can
also do this medical stuff.
And I was like--
and I loved, you know--
I loved going to the doctor
and seeing all the stuff.
I liked watching them cut
out my ingrown toenails.
So it didn't hurt so
much playing soccer.
So it amazed me.
They're always like sit down.
Son, you don't
want look at this.
There will a lot of blood.
And I'm like, no,
no, I want to see it.
And they're injecting
me, and they're
like this kid is freaking weird.
And all these surgeons
too, and these doctors,
when I was really young
ended up becoming my friends.
And I end up becoming
their teachers
because you know I
got CME accredited
to teach them on the platelets,
plasma, and stem cells.
It was a really funny circle.
>> DAVID: What is
CME accredited?
>> SMITH: Physicians, and
nurses, and all medical people,
in order to keep your license,
you have to go to symposiums
and get updated on new
educational properties.
So continuing medical
education units.
>> DAVID: OK.
So let's get back to when you
are first brought to Sandia,
and I think that's
something you've
told me before about the process
of how you got to the room.
Let's start with how
you get brought in.
Like what was the
first thing that you
saw that would be
a lot different
than a typical military--
>> SMITH: Well, being in the
operating room and working
in emergency-type situations,
and already knowing pretty much
everything about
the human body--
in the accelerated program
I was in assisting surgeons,
you know, and I knew that
when I walked into this place
that they had spent a lot
of money on everything.
Even the doors, the security
systems, these amazing security
guards.
The demeanor of the
scientists and physicians
that were there, the
technicians and everyone,
it was very serious.
It was very, very organized.
And it was very clean.
And it took-- you
get debris first.
You know, they take you.
It's a huge background check,
but I'm already active duty.
Perfect for them.
Young.
If he messes up, who cares?
Just get rid of him.
He died in a helicopter
crash, you know, whatever.
So perfect subject.
But super high IQ.
Very perfect.
Already has medical training.
Let's see what he can do.
So they brought me
in this room first.
And this was before I actually
went to do my first case.
And they just laid
it all out and--
>> DAVID: Laid what out?
>> SMITH: Laid
these contracts out.
I mean, it was so thick.
And I was--
>> DAVID: Like you're expected
to read all that as you sit
there?
That doesn't make sense.
>> SMITH: Well, of
course, I didn't read it.
I was 19 years-old.
I saw the page.
I already signed up.
I was already stupid
enough to sign up
to get into the military.
So, come on.
And it's like-- you know,
which I love, by the way,
the military.
And they saved my life
as much as made me
who I am today, so I'm a huge
supporter of the military,
still am to this day with
other projects and things.
So I didn't mean to make
it sound like I'm not.
I was really thankful for that.
>> DAVID: But we're very
thankful for the Alliance
and the fact that they're
turning the tables for us.
>> SMITH: I know.
>> DAVID: It's amazing.
>> SMITH: It is.
All the white hats coming out.
>> DAVID: And we
need people like you.
We need people like
you to be brave enough
to speak to the truth and
say what they experienced.
>> SMITH: Well I'm hoping once--
because I know a lot
of these people--
I'm hoping once they
see me come forward,
I really believe there's
going to be a lot more come
forward like within the year.
>> DAVID: It's going
to get easier too
because the cabal's being
greatly defeated right now.
And you have had a lot
of briefings about that
as well, which we can get
into in later episodes.
>> SMITH: Sure, yeah.
So--
>> DAVID: So you get
all these documents--
>> SMITH: I signed the book,
and they make it very officious,
like all these people,
the cool lab coats,
and other security people.
But not in their
normal black ops.
They're in like clean
suits, like really
cool, white, tactical stuff.
>> DAVID: Like jumpsuit
kind of things?
>> SMITH: Yeah,
like a flight suit.
White, but with a lot of cool
straps and not normal guns.
I don't think they
can use guns down
there because of the pressurized
systems, is what I was told.
And I was always told
never to bring my weapon
into the facility.
You use a locker
room at the top.
You basically
change into scrubs,
then go down, and
change into your suit.
So it's like two
change-out stations.
>> DAVID: Wow.
>> SMITH: And you wore a band,
which was the coolest thing
ever.
And this band felt like silicon.
I later found out it was
graphene, and it glowed.
And that recorded everywhere
I went on the facility.
And they take it from you.
And it also activated later on.
They had iPads back then that
make these iPads look like a--
I mean, thin as--
you know the X-ray film,
how flimsy that is?
>> DAVID: Yeah, yeah.
>> SMITH: You know or
the films from the--
we used to use on
the projectors?
>> DAVID: Yeah, yeah.
>> SMITH: OK, imagine that
being an iPad, and flimsy,
and being completely lit up,
and accessing the entire main
database of whatever section you
were working in, and locating
your supervisor if
you needed to on--
everyone kind of knew
where everybody was.
Nowhere to hide or
sneak anything out.
You had this cool iPad
that was always with you.
And you used it for data
entry for all the stuff
you do because
everything's documented.
>> DAVID: If it's so flopsy,
how would you be able to type
on it?
>> SMITH: Oh, that's easy.
Everything was with your
finger, and they had a stylus.
And the stylus looked
like a thermometer.
And it had a very
grippy texture to it.
And you could hold it, this
flimsy-- it's not that flimsy.
It's a little bit
stronger than that.
But like that kind of material.
It's like a special
polycarbonate
that I think it was infused,
of course, with probably
graphene or some other
something photovoltaic,
obviously, to do all this stuff.
And anyway, it would always
be down on something.
It's not a text paper, OK.
This something was where it
is always on your counter,
you're using your little thing,
your finger, or whatever,
and it also interlocks
into other--
every room has like a hub,
like you plug your iPhone into.
Well, this thing, when you
lay it down on a table,
the whole table now knows this.
>> DAVID: Oh wow, that's cool.
>> SMITH: So it's just like
this Bluetooth-type energy.
>> DAVID: And it's full color.
>> SMITH: Yes, oh
brilliant full color.
Three-dimensional objects.
You can--
>> DAVID: Oh, holographic too.
>> SMITH: Holographic too.
Especially when you
put it on the tables,
the tables become like
the actual 3D part
of whatever you're presenting.
>> DAVID: Wow.
>> SMITH: So If
I did get a body,
and that's already been
3-D scanned, the body,
that can be projected
above the table.
And then you can move
it with your hands.
And you can say,
hey, so I don't know
what this is here in the body.
We want just this.
So cause the least
amount of damage
to get just this organ
or this little BB out.
So it was a very-- and
that just turned me on.
Because I was a techie,
and I was young,
and I didn't want
to ever mess up.
I just wanted to keep going.
>> DAVID: And at
the time, right?
The time window you're
describing, all we had
was like these desktop tower
computers that were ridiculous.
>> SMITH: My goodness.
We had the big bulky--
I don't even know if
Apple even came out,
even had their comeback yet.
They just were.
So the wrist band, the
little iPad floppy thing
was a very important thing
that's always kind of with you.
And--
>> DAVID: Could you roll it
up and keep it in your pocket?
Or how would you carry
the little floppy iPad?
>> SMITH: Well, you don't have
anything on you ever but this
band and this piece of paper.
You don't have any--
you can't have a watch,
can't have a piece of
jewelry in this facility.
Everything has been
stripped from you when
you do your two change-outs.
>> DAVID: Corey on this show has
talked about a smart glass pad.
And it sounds a lot like
what you're describing.
What was it called?
Did they ever have
a name for it?
>> SMITH: It always
just called the folder.
>> DAVID: The folder.
>> SMITH: Yeah, the folder.
There was no fancy like
Star Trek name or anything.
>> DAVID: Well, a lot of times
it seems like to, as they call
it, reduce
psychological impact--
>> SMITH: Yes.
>> DAVID: They try to give
you these conventional things.
>> SMITH: That makes sense.
>> DAVID: Right, so
it's just a folder.
>> SMITH: Don't forget
your folder and your band.
>> DAVID: Did the band do
anything else besides just
glow?
You said it glowed or--
>> SMITH: Yeah, every now
and then, it would glow.
I think it was just
because someone
was accessing your
whereabouts, especially when
there's breaches.
There was a couple
of breaches when
I was there of things escaping.
And there's also a
scientist technician like me
that did try to take some
stuff out of the facility.
And when that thing
glows a different color,
there's like different
colors for different things.
And, you know, just do not
move and don't go anywhere
until whatever is--
the emergency is going on.
Like in hospitals, we
have code red and code
blues, and all that stuff.
It's similar to that, that not--
you know what to
do or not to do.
>> DAVID: What were some of the
colors that you can remember
and what they meant on the band?
>> SMITH: Red means
you better not move.
>> DAVID: Just don't
even move at all.
>> SMITH: Blue is
everything's fine.
There was one yellow,
which means breach.
Contamination breach.
>> DAVID: Oh.
>> SMITH: Yeah, not just--
no, not like someone stole
something.
Someone somehow had a
hole in their suit or--
because you have to understand
these things have viruses.
They have bacteria that
we don't even know.
It can kill you.
It could mutate.
Last thing you want is that out.
So they have these artificial
intelligence systems in place,
and these super high scrubbers,
and like the most amazing
disinfecting type
of air handlers
you would not even believe.
And even walking through
some of these things
when you have your change
out didn't hurt or anything,
but it was just a
precautionary thing.
But they have these vents
in the systems that pick up
on all particles,
parts per million,
and it could tell if like one
small cold virus bacteria,
got into a vent, and
goes and hits the thing.
It's like everything gets
shut down immediately.
>> DAVID: And that's yellow?
>> SMITH: That's yellow.
>> DAVID: On the band?
>> SMITH: Yeah.
Yeah, so you didn't
want to see yellow.
>> DAVID: Do you think that the
band could tase you or kill you
if you didn't move
when it was red?
>> SMITH: I had never felt
threatened by that band at all.
>> DAVID: OK.
Describe to me what
a breach means.
What did somebody do?
>> SMITH: Well, one time--
this is just from now, I
can only say second hand.
I'll always tell you
it was me talking
first hand or second hand.
Second hand means
these alarms went off.
Of course, we were later
debriefed that someone
tried to take something out.
That's all.
So I don't know what it is.
I really was not allowed
to ask what it is.
But that's what happened to
ease everybody's calmness.
So everyone can start
focusing again better.
It's nerve-wracking if
you hear any alarm there.
>> DAVID: So you never found
out what any of these breaches
really were?
They just give
you a very vague--
>> SMITH: One breach I did
because my really close
friend's husband was one
of the security guys.
So they did have... made
an awesome hybrid bear-type
osseo-integrated being.
>> DAVID: I don't know
really what that means.
Could you be more specific?
>> SMITH: They made a hybrid
animal of some sort that
resembled a giant grizzly bear.
>> DAVID: OK, but
it was human-like?
>> SMITH: But it had metal--
yeah.
But it had like metal talons
made of some amazing--
it was osseo-integrated
into his bone structure.
That means the
titanium and tissue--
or whatever metal.
I don't know what the metal was.
I'm hypothetically
just hypothesizing.
All I know is once it got
out, they had a special truck
to get this thing.
I mean it got to the surface.
It's going across the desert.
>> DAVID: Really?
>> SMITH: Yeah, very fast.
So they had to
blow this thing up,
and it was so indestructible
that they only injured
it, and then was able to put
it into this special truck.
And the truck steel was
eight inches thick, the cargo
container.
>> DAVID: Good lord.
>> SMITH: And the marks in
it were four inches deep.
>> DAVID: Wow.
>> SMITH: From that
thing trying to whatever.
It was probably trying to
get-- after they knocked it out
or whatever.
So he was there on that.
And he saw the marks
in the truck as well.
>> DAVID: That's crazy.
>> SMITH: And you
know, he would--
I consider him a
very honest person.
Plus, it was all over.
Everybody knew about it.
Everyone knew there was bad-bad.
And that was from a different
genealogy department
on the base.
>> DAVID: Well, I hate to
leave you on a cliffhanger,
but that's all the time
we have in this episode.
Very interesting story.
We're going to pick up more
of this as time goes on.
And I want to thank
you for watching.
I'm David Wilcock here
with our special insider
guest, Emery Smith.
Thank you for watching.
[THEME MUSIC]